The Karchis P-40 fighter.
This aircraft is called Tomahawk.
The engine is a liquid-cooled, single-engine, low-power, low-pressure fighter.
Before the Great East Asia War, the American Air Force had a Karchis P-40 fighter.
It was a very good fighter, and it was a very good fighter.
When I opened the tip and looked at it, it was a big difference.
It was dropped into our land air force and air defense forces, and it was a surprisingly weak and rough white.
Even now, it has appeared in the first battle with the Grumman fighter, and it has been improved and is becoming much more efficient.
We also need to know the characteristics of the sound of the explosion in the ears.
This aircraft was recorded at a high altitude of 1000m, 3000m, and 5000m at a speed of 1000m, 3000m, and 5000m.
The overall characteristics of the explosion are the sharp sound of the liquid-cooled engine, and the heavy sound.
At a height of 1000m and 3000m, you can feel about three kinds of synthetic sounds at an altitude of 90 degrees above the ground level at an altitude of almost 45 degrees.
At 1000m, you can hear a high-pitched sound similar to the sound of a high-pitched sound, as it approaches the ground.
However, at an altitude of 3000m, the sound of the sound is almost gone, and instead, it adds a little bit of a sound of a short-term sound and a sound of a sound of a sound of a sound.
At an altitude of 5000m, you can feel a soft sound, almost like a single sound, and it sounds lightly and resounds like a sound of a high-pitched sound or a sound of a sound of a sound of a sound.
In addition, I think that you can grasp various features of the sound by the sound-sounding system of the people who play it.
First of all, I would like to ask you to study the above-mentioned lines as a reference.